# The Ruby Way: Solutions and Techniques in Ruby Programming (3rd Edition) (Addison-Wesley Professional Ruby Series)
**Hal Fulton;André Arko**
* (A Proc object can be used to “objectify” a block, but control structures are never objects.)
 
* A Ruby module is not an external source or binary file (though it may be stored in one of these). A Ruby module instead is an OOP abstraction similar to a class.
 
* A module is a collection of methods and constants that is external to the Ruby program.
 
* Exceptions may be caught in two other ways. First, there is a modifier form of the rescue clause: Click here to view code image x
 
* Exceptions may be caught in two other ways. First, there is a modifier form of the rescue clause: Click here to view code image x = a/b rescue puts("Division by zero!")
 
* Note that include adds features of a module to the current space; the extend method adds features of a module to an object.
 
* Note that raise is not a reserved word but a method of the module Kernel. (There is an alias named fail.)
 
* Ruby classes are themselves objects, being instances of the parent class Class.
 
* The class Module contains methods called attr, attr_accessor, attr_reader, and attr_writer.
 
* With include, the module’s methods become available as instance methods; with extend, they become available as class methods.
 
* instances, the first successful branch will be taken. Although the case statement usually behaves predictably, there are a few subtleties you
 
* loop looks like a keyword introducing a control structure, but it is really a method of the module Kernel, not a control structure at all.
 
